Hi janette!!!

Do you remember the rabbit that was hanging in my room when you came
to visit me in Japan?  Wait wait wait - remember when you came to
Japan *TWICE* ????  Oh My God that was so great!!!  Anyway, there was
a rabbit hanging on the wall.  Colleen Crotty had sent it to me in
April 2003 for Easter.

That nameless rabbit came with me on Pb as opposed to being
discarded with a lot of my other stuff when I got rid of my apartment.
He went with me to Hong Kong, Vietnam, Singapore, Sri Lanka, and posed
for various photos.  While on tour in Jordan, I asked the woman next
to me (whose name... get this... is Ai (pronounced "I" / "eye" /
"aye")) to suggest a name for the rabbit.  Without thinking she said,
"Francois."

I was like, "no man; a real name."

She goes, "Hiroyuki."

"Um.. actually Francois is perfect!"

So Francois went to Petra (Jordan), the pyramids in Egypt, Greece,
Italy, Spain, France, Norway, Ireland, New York, Jamaica, Panama
Canal, Costa Rica, and in Acapulco he went scuba diving with me!!!
(I have pictures of him with fish).

After Acapulco, I saw Shunji (the 11 or 12 year old skinny Japanese
kid who likes to run up to me and repeatedly ask "What are you doing?
What are you doing?" and then collapse in hysterics on the floor) and
threw Francois to him.  Shunji, being 12, ran off and apparently
discarded the rabbit somewhere.  A couple days later, there was a
ransom note and pictures of Francois on the classroom computers.  He
had been rabbitnapped!

They demanded I write a poem over 50 words describing my love for the
rabbit, and I just wanted to share that with you.

------------

  Ode to Francois:

My dearest adorable rabbit
I fearest starting a habit
I love everything about you,
and I cannot live without you.

Your eyes so cute
and mouth so mute
Ears flopped at either side
You are my joy and my pride

May the fates not scorn me
and my mates all support thee
with great speed home swiftly
not too late for a spot of tea
as we gaze over the sea
or graze in Topaz Dining.

I won't again let thee
out of my direct sight, see
by giving you to Shunji
I lost my dear buddy

With tears in my eyes
I finish the lines
and hope you'll come back to me.
May it be no surprise
I'll massage the spines
of your captors when they release thee.

------------

A day later there were more demands, which I followed to the letter,
but *not* all as intended.

1) Shave the left side of your head
!) I shaved the left side of my head, and the right side of my head.

2) Wear your shirts backwards till Vancouver
@) I'm wearing a shirt that says, "YOUR SHIRTS BACKWARDS TILL VANCOUVER"

3) Remove that ugly toenail polish
#) It had been on for a few weeks and was getting chipped so I got a
new coat of hot pink.

4) Recite "Ode to Francois" at the next GET Meeting.
$) I did this one as asked, and Kim got it on video.

That was yesterday; there was a big party last night and I think his
captors were too drunk to make more demands; I haven't heard anything
more today.

-----------

In other news, I am planning to go to Palestine/Israel in October and
November to work for an NGO there.  That will be after I attend an
Iraq war protest in Washington in late September.

If you know any YRUUers also going to that protest, I'd love to get
connected.


With Love Love Love Love
   - Rob!
