<!-- tags: email, Pleides, plans, movies -->
<!-- events: reconnecting with Kaoru, finding out she's Pleidian -->
<!-- people: Kaoru -->
<!-- locations: Motosumiyoshi, Sakura House -->
<p class="date">2:45am JST Monday  7 January 2008 (day 13802)</p>

Hey Pleidian!

Or should I say すばる人?  (I just looked up the spelling and it said in Japanese it's
Subaru... maybe that's why they have a star logo thing)

I enjoyed a book called _Bringers of the Dawn_; thank you for helping bring the light to earth.

Regarding March 15, the movie screening will be in The Pink Cow restaurant in Shibuya. I don't know
if I'm hosting a "party" as such, but there are always a lot of people at "The Cow"... and on that
evening, I'll be one of them, who happens to be showing a movie.  :-)

In other words, I don't really know what to expect at this point, but I imagine you would enjoy it.
Perhaps we can have a double date there sometime before March and you can see the place.

But, even if not, I would love love love to have you see the movie (at The Pink Cow or not doesn't
matter to me).

AND now that I find out a bit more about your history, I would love to watch the other movie I
mentioned outside the station that day.

You're busy though, so let's schedule a time when you have time and we can watch the movie together,
and I can enjoy hearing your thoughts on it in real time.  Maybe you'll know some of the people he's
talking about.  :-)

I feel compelled to encourage you not to get too caught up in work work work, unless the work you're
doing is what you really came to earth to do.

Hemi-Synch?  Cool!  I did the Gateway Voyage in 1996 and have a full set of CDs here (in English).
I happen to know one of the Gateway trainers (through my men's group here in Tokyo).  Have you done
the Gateway Voyage?  In Virginia?  I'm interested to hear more when you have time.

I think I'll listen to one of the CDs tonight.  (I actually just woke up after sleeping about 3
hours, so I can probably stay awake even though it's so late)

The Monroe trainer I know (Kevin Turner) also does other workshops; I took one of his on soul
retrievals, where basically we help souls who were in human form on earth, then died without knowing
it.  We help them get in touch with their angels to go to the light.

I just finished a 2-day weekend called "Awakening the Third Eye," led my a woman named Helma
Shchipper a trainer of the Clairvision school.  We did some basic meditations to help gain awareness
of our third eye, did some heart-chakra opening exercises (actually I'm adding the term chakra to
specify it wasn't physical heart surgery when I say "heart opening"), and then did some dowsing for
Earth lines, which I hadn't done in a while.

So, it looks like we have a lot to talk about.  :-)   

> Oh, you're still in Japan? 
Yeppers

> Good to know you've got out of the English school
Hooray!

> Thank you very much for information about Zeitgeist. 
word.  (this is a cool way of saying "no problem, I agree, I'm glad you like it")

> I beleive, I'm from the Pleiades star cluster, came to the Earth to enjoy
I believe you don't need a comma after "I believe."  ;-)

> physical body (human-being). I've gone through hundreds or thousands of
> reincarnation so far, 
I've done some regressions and come across stories from 3 or 4 of my past lives.  Now that I think
of it, one of my wives had long dark hair.  Hmmmm.  We were living in the US at that time, around
1860.  Do you remember?

> waiting for 2012 - the year of ascension, rebirth and
In a way I'm waiting as well; I am so ready for this craziness on earth to end!  But as I read you
saying that, I realize we shouldn't wait idly by; we should help as many people as possible.  Do you
have ideas on how to do that?  One of the women at the workshop I was at is a reiki master, so I
will be taking lessons from her starting soon I hope.

>  I'm afraid I'm the most weird Japanese you've met (smile). 
Haha.  :-)  Well, my dear, I am *glad* you're the weirdest Japanese I've met!

Love and Light
   - Rob!

-- 
The love that you give is the pain that you release.
